functions/*
!functions/src/
!functions/src/**

# Files inside src/components/About
src/components/About.tsx

# Files inside src/components/Auth
src/components/Auth/ForgotPasswordModal.tsx
src/components/Auth/Login.tsx
src/components/Auth/Register.tsx
src/components/Auth/ResetPassword.tsx

# Files inside src/components/CompanyDashboard
src/components/CompanyDashboard/GalleryTab.tsx
src/components/CompanyDashboard/OverviewTab.tsx
src/components/CompanyDashboard/PlanTab.tsx
src/components/CompanyDashboard/ProfileManagementTab.tsx
src/components/CompanyDashboard/ReviewsTab.tsx
src/components/CompanyDashboard/index.tsx

# Files inside src/components/CompanyProfile
src/components/CompanyProfile/AddReviewModal.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ClaimRequestModal.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ClaimRequestModal/Step1Domain.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ClaimRequestModal/Step2Credentials.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/CompanyHeader.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/CompanyTabs.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ContactInfo.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/EditReviewModal.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/GalleryTab.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ImageUploadModal.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ImageViewer.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/NotificationMessages.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/OverviewTab.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/PhotoGallery.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ProjectCard.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ProjectsTab.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ProjectsTab/AddProjectModal.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ProjectsTab/ProjectDetailsModal.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ProjectsTab/UnitDetailsModal.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ProjectsTab/types.ts
src/components/CompanyProfile/ReplyModal.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ReportModal.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ReviewAttachmentViewer.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ReviewFilters.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ReviewItem.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ReviewStats.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ReviewVotingButtons.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/ReviewsTab.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/WriteReviewTab.tsx
src/components/CompanyProfile/index.tsx

# Files inside src/components/Footer
src/components/Footer.tsx

# Files inside src/components/Hero
src/components/Hero/CategorySlider.tsx
src/components/Hero/HeroSection.tsx
src/components/Hero/LatestReviews.tsx
src/components/Hero/TopCompanies.tsx
src/components/Hero/index.tsx

# Files inside src/components/Header
src/components/Header.tsx
src/components/Header/NotificationBell.tsx
src/components/Header/NotificationDropdown.tsx
src/components/Header/NotificationItem.tsx

# Files inside src/components/MyReviews
src/components/MyReviews.tsx

# Files inside src/components/Notifications
src/components/Notifications/NotificationsPage.tsx

# Files inside src/components/PersonalProfile
src/components/PersonalProfile.tsx
src/components/PersonalProfile/BasicInfo.tsx
src/components/PersonalProfile/PasswordSecurity.tsx
src/components/PersonalProfile/ProfilePhoto.tsx

# Files inside src/components/SearchResults
src/components/SearchResults.tsx

# Files inside src/components/Settings
src/components/Settings.tsx
src/components/Settings/Categories.tsx
src/components/Settings/Companies/AddCompanyModal.tsx
src/components/Settings/Companies/BulkUploadModal.tsx
src/components/Settings/Companies/ClaimCompanyModal.tsx
src/components/Settings/Companies/DeleteCompanyModal.tsx
src/components/Settings/Companies/EditCompanyModal.tsx
src/components/Settings/Companies/ManageUsersModal.tsx
src/components/Settings/Companies/UnclaimCompanyModal.tsx
src/components/Settings/Companies/ViewCompanyModal.tsx
src/components/Settings/Companies/index.tsx
src/components/Settings/ClaimRequests/AccountInfoSection.tsx
src/components/Settings/ClaimRequests/ClaimRequestDetails.tsx
src/components/Settings/ClaimRequests/ClaimRequestList.tsx
src/components/Settings/ClaimRequests/DeleteRequestModal.tsx
src/components/Settings/ClaimRequests/index.tsx
src/components/Settings/Dashboard.tsx
src/components/Settings/Reports.tsx
src/components/Settings/Reviews.tsx
src/components/Settings/UserManagement.tsx

# Files inside src/components/SuspendedUserView
src/components/SuspendedUserView.tsx

# Files inside src/components/Terms
src/components/Terms.tsx

# Files inside src/components/UI
src/components/UI/Modal.tsx
src/components/UI/NotificationContainer.tsx
src/components/UI/Toast.tsx

# Files inside src/components/UnverifiedUserView
src/components/UnverifiedUserView.tsx

# Files inside src/config
src/config/firebase.ts

# Files inside src/contexts
src/contexts/AuthContext.tsx
src/contexts/LanguageContext.tsx
src/contexts/NotificationContext.tsx

# Files inside src/locales
src/locales/ar-about.ts
src/locales/ar-admin-settings.ts
src/locales/ar-admin.ts
src/locales/ar-categories-management.ts
src/locales/ar-categories.ts
src/locales/ar-claim-requests.ts
src/locales/ar-common.ts
src/locales/ar-company-dashboard.ts
src/locales/ar-company-profile.ts
src/locales/ar-contact.ts
src/locales/ar-dashboard.ts
src/locales/ar-footer.ts
src/locales/ar-hero.ts
src/locales/ar-my-reviews.ts
src/locales/ar-navigation.ts
src/locales/ar-notifications.ts
src/locales/ar-personal-profile.ts
src/locales/ar-pricing.ts
src/locales/ar-privacy.ts
src/locales/ar-reports.ts
src/locales/ar-review-form.ts
src/locales/ar-review-voting.ts
src/locales/ar-reviews.ts
src/locales/ar-search.ts
src/locales/ar-share-review.ts
src/locales/ar-social-login.ts
src/locales/ar-stats.ts
src/locales/ar-suspended-account.ts
src/locales/ar-table.ts
src/locales/ar-terms.ts
src/locales/ar-user-management.ts
src/locales/ar-user-status.ts


# Files inside src/utils
src/utils/excelUtils.ts
src/utils/notificationUtils.ts
src/utils/storageUtils.ts
src/utils/urlUtils.ts

# Files inside root
.gitignore
README.md
postcss.config.js
tsconfig.json
tsconfig.app.json
tsconfig.node.json
vite.config.ts
vite-env.d.ts
package.json
package-lock.json
